hello people i'm jefson i'm here for
show you one more time
The novelty of the technological world here is
brazilian world is also the iphone
iphone 5 galera being a match
sensational
it will be released now day 12 of
September 2012
It's for anyone who wants to see this video, right?
has since been cast on the wall
sensational but the personal innovation that
I have a stage here to tell
you already have a replica of your
before it's even released.
China made a point of making a copy is
practically identical for
to market it
and we managed to get some
some aftershocks with the
appliances said some units and
we are in stock for anyone
who is interested in acquiring
click the link below and contact
by email
We're going to go ahead with the
beauty negotiation is this appliance goes
I came twice with functions now that the
iphone 4 has this handset will have the
operating system and sc 6 which is the
of the new mac in the new apple macbook goes
be processed will have the processor
6 to 6 in case the iphone 4 was was
a5 with 1 gigahertz a5 processor
This is a point where garret processor
a6 12 mega camera course too
remembered the people I'm talking about
represent these photos are from the original
but I have a replica that is identical
even the only thing that changes is the
The original logo here is given to
apple is the one in our replica the logo
behind is the android logo that
android then I go to him to be with
android android is not the system
operating system but it is a
faithful replica comes cultures the functions of
of the iphone 5 device
the apple 12 megapixel camera memory
of 16 gigabytes was an iphone
replica with 16 gb of memory then worth
very much worth the guys buy and why
this device will make the biggest success
It is for those who did not have conditions
buy a device from this original
because the price is very expensive guys this
device it will reach the market with
in the menu of 2,999 reais or 16 gigabytes
can reach up to 3901 from 64 gigs and that
is something that comes against consideration
which will not be sold in Brazil
initially it will be the first
released is overseas is from September 2
but the marketing in Brazil is no
date is not provided it was not marked
in memory Brazil so good a good
alternative for those who want to
It 's just that I do not have an egg or
conditions to buy even everyone knows
which is very expensive out of season
this device is sensational because it is
identical to the apple iphone 5 you go
look and I do not advise you to search
here in Brazil why are not you going?
find this rule only the people who have
for now in Brazil only the people who
have this device if you put it there
market the book on any other site
and put the iphone 5 appears any
result for your new self would advise
you do not not go ahead with the
negotiation because this device is
exclusivity of the Chinese supplier only
this vendor then has this device
we work with this supplier
he allowed us to purchase these
appliances understood then I advise
you who have not fallen or false promises
There's no need to hurt others.
iphone iphone to jump sell on
other sites there only that personal hiphone
on the iphone
phone is like an iphone 4 case
iphone excuse phone three g8 3g
manipulated a different way of
put a different design to appear
with the iphone 5 iphone 5 but in name only
it's just because the true iphone 5 is this
already photo if you are seeing we have
these devices to the replica reminding that the
rule we have these devices is
initial access we might have
change at some price
Apple can change the price, but the
people had access to that of 16 gigabytes
it will cost 2 1999 2999 the iphone 5 of
apple
We are going to sell this unit for
much more than half of leaving much less
let's press believe in name
to provide no value here
not to open competition with anyone
and it may also be that people
for some reason has to increase or
decrease the price so it does not look nice
value here you will know
value the settings
actual product photos by clicking on the link
below
I think it will go right through the whole site.
offer to innovatec will have all the ae
the details is want any questions
You will have any questions, you can ask
people in the field do not ask the
seller or else contact by
mail that we do the negotiation
We accept credit cards and
bank deposit also remembering that
bank deposit we have a
discount super special the galera nobody
give the discount that we are ours
clients to this day I'm very happy with
our appliances
We give a special discount to those who
make payment and bank deposit
It's good to stay here.
big hug and see you soon